[CUBRIDMAN-299] Modify english, korean and delete oledb.rst file (#634)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/troubleshoot.rst

Some examples are as below.
 
*   Check if there is a low speed of the network between application and broker.

> *   Check if there is a case that CAS was restarted by watching the broker log(exists in **$CUBRID/log/broker** directory). If it is revealed as CASes are not enough(after processing slow queries, if any), you should enlarge the number of CASes; to do so, the value of :ref:`MAX_NUM_APPL_SERVER <max-num-appl-server>` should be enlarged properly. Also the value of :ref:`max_clients <max_clients>` should be enlarged if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Check if there is a case that CAS was restarted by watching the broker log(exists in **$CUBRID/log/broker** directory). If it is revealed as CASes are not enough (please do tuning it first, if any slow queries), you should enlarge the number of CASes; to do so, the value of :ref:`MAX_NUM_APPL_SERVER <max-num-appl-server>` should be enlarged properly. Also the value of :ref:`max_clients <max_clients>` should be enlarged if needed.
```

> *   Check if there is a case that CAS was restarted by watching the broker log(exists in **$CUBRID/log/broker** directory). If it is revealed as CASes are not enough (please do tuning it first, if any slow queries), you should enlarge the number of CASes; to do so, the value of :ref:`MAX_NUM_APPL_SERVER <max-num-appl-server>` should be enlarged properly. Also the value of :ref:`max_clients <max_clients>` should be enlarged if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   Check if there is a case where CAS was restarted by checking the broker log (located in the **$CUBRID/log/broker** directory). If it is revealed that the number of CASes is insufficient (please tune for any slow queries first), you should increase the number of CASes. To do so, the value of :ref:`MAX_NUM_APPL_SERVER <max-num-appl-server>` should be increased appropriately. Also, increase the value of :ref:`max_clients <max_clients>` if needed.

```
